CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

# Contributing to the registry

## Before reporting an issue...

### If your problem is with...

 - automated builds
 - your account on the [Docker Hub](https://hub.docker.com/)
 - any other [Docker Hub](https://hub.docker.com/) issue

Then please do not report your issue here - you should instead report it to [https://support.docker.com](https://support.docker.com)

### If you...

 - need help setting up your registry
 - can't figure out something
 - are not sure what's going on or what your problem is

Please ask first in the #distribution channel on Docker community slack.
[Click here for an invite to Docker community slack](https://dockr.ly/slack)

### Reporting security issues

The Docker maintainers take security seriously. If you discover a security
issue, please bring it to their attention right away!

Please **DO NOT** file a public issue, instead send your report privately to
[security@docker.com](mailto:security@docker.com).

## Reporting an issue properly

By following these simple rules you will get better and faster feedback on your issue.

 - search the bugtracker for an already reported issue

### If you found an issue that describes your problem:

 - please read other user comments first, and confirm this is the same issue: a given error condition might be indicative of different problems - you may also find a workaround in the comments
 - please refrain from adding "same thing here" or "+1" comments
 - you don't need to comment on an issue to get notified of updates: just hit the "subscribe" button
 - comment if you have some new, technical and relevant information to add to the case
 - __DO NOT__ comment on closed issues or merged PRs. If you think you have a related problem, open up a new issue and reference the PR or issue.

### If you have not found an existing issue that describes your problem:

 1. create a new issue, with a succinct title that describes your issue:
   - bad title: "It doesn't work with my docker"
   - good title: "Private registry push fail: 400 error with E_INVALID_DIGEST"
 2. copy the output of:
   - `docker version`
   - `docker info`
   - `docker exec <registry-container> registry --version`
 3. copy the command line you used to launch your Registry
 4. restart your docker daemon in debug mode (add `-D` to the daemon launch arguments)
 5. reproduce your problem and get your docker daemon logs showing the error
 6. if relevant, copy your registry logs that show the error
 7. provide any relevant detail about your specific Registry configuration (e.g., storage backend used)
 8. indicate if you are using an enterprise proxy, Nginx, or anything else between you and your Registry

## Contributing Code

Contributions should be made via pull requests. Pull requests will be reviewed
by one or more maintainers or reviewers and merged when acceptable.

You should follow the basic GitHub workflow:

 1. Use your own [fork](https://help.github.com/en/articles/about-forks)
 2. Create your [change](https://github.com/containerd/project/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md#successful-changes)
 3. Test your code
 4. [Commit](https://github.com/containerd/project/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md#commit-messages) your work, always [sign your commits](https://github.com/containerd/project/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md#commit-messages)
 5. Push your change to your fork and create a [Pull Request](https://help.github.com/en/github/collaborating-with-issues-and-pull-requests/creating-a-pull-request-from-a-fork)

Refer to [containerd's contribution guide](https://github.com/containerd/project/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md#successful-changes)
for tips on creating a successful contribution.

Commit message:

Update reporting issues guidelines
Signed-off-by: Derek McGowan <derek@mcgstyle.net>

CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

# Contributing to the registry

## Before reporting an issue...

### If your problem is with...

 - automated builds or your [Docker Hub](https://hub.docker.com/) account
   - Report it to [Hub Support](https://hub.docker.com/support/)
 - Distributions of Docker for desktop or Linux
    - Report [Mac Desktop issues](https://github.com/docker/for-mac)
    - Report [Windows Desktop issues](https://github.com/docker/for-win)
    - Report [Linux issues](https://github.com/docker/for-linux)

### If you...

 - need help setting up your registry
 - can't figure out something
 - are not sure what's going on or what your problem is

Please ask first in the #distribution channel on Docker community slack.
[Click here for an invite to Docker community slack](https://dockr.ly/slack)

### Reporting security issues

The Docker maintainers take security seriously. If you discover a security
issue, please bring it to their attention right away!

Please **DO NOT** file a public issue, instead send your report privately to
[security@docker.com](mailto:security@docker.com).

## Reporting an issue properly

By following these simple rules you will get better and faster feedback on your issue.

 - search the bugtracker for an already reported issue

### If you found an issue that describes your problem:

 - please read other user comments first, and confirm this is the same issue: a given error condition might be indicative of different problems - you may also find a workaround in the comments
 - please refrain from adding "same thing here" or "+1" comments
 - you don't need to comment on an issue to get notified of updates: just hit the "subscribe" button
 - comment if you have some new, technical and relevant information to add to the case
 - __DO NOT__ comment on closed issues or merged PRs. If you think you have a related problem, open up a new issue and reference the PR or issue.

### If you have not found an existing issue that describes your problem:

 1. create a new issue, with a succinct title that describes your issue:
   - bad title: "It doesn't work with my docker"
   - good title: "Private registry push fail: 400 error with E_INVALID_DIGEST"
 2. copy the output of:
   - `docker version`
   - `docker info`
   - `docker exec <registry-container> registry --version`
 3. copy the command line you used to launch your Registry
 4. restart your docker daemon in debug mode (add `-D` to the daemon launch arguments)
 5. reproduce your problem and get your docker daemon logs showing the error
 6. if relevant, copy your registry logs that show the error
 7. provide any relevant detail about your specific Registry configuration (e.g., storage backend used)
 8. indicate if you are using an enterprise proxy, Nginx, or anything else between you and your Registry

## Contributing Code

Contributions should be made via pull requests. Pull requests will be reviewed
by one or more maintainers or reviewers and merged when acceptable.

You should follow the basic GitHub workflow:

 1. Use your own [fork](https://help.github.com/en/articles/about-forks)
 2. Create your [change](https://github.com/containerd/project/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md#successful-changes)
 3. Test your code
 4. [Commit](https://github.com/containerd/project/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md#commit-messages) your work, always [sign your commits](https://github.com/containerd/project/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md#commit-messages)
 5. Push your change to your fork and create a [Pull Request](https://help.github.com/en/github/collaborating-with-issues-and-pull-requests/creating-a-pull-request-from-a-fork)

Refer to [containerd's contribution guide](https://github.com/containerd/project/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md#successful-changes)
for tips on creating a successful contribution.
